Release Notes for BIND Version 9.12.4-P1

Introduction

This document summarizes changes since the last production release on the
BIND 9.12 branch. Please see the CHANGES for a further list of bug fixes
and other changes.

Download

The latest versions of BIND 9 software can always be found at http://
www.isc.org/downloads/. There you will find additional information about
each release, source code, and pre-compiled versions for Microsoft Windows
operating systems.

Security Fixes

  * In certain configurations, named could crash with an assertion failure
    if nxdomain-redirect was in use and a redirected query resulted in an
    NXDOMAIN from the cache. This flaw is disclosed in CVE-2019-6467. [GL
    #880]

  * The TCP client quota set using the tcp-clients option could be
    exceeded in some cases. This could lead to exhaustion of file
    descriptors. This flaw is disclosed in CVE-2018-5743. [GL #615]

New Features

  * None.

Feature Changes

  * None.

Bug Fixes

  * None.

License

BIND is open source software licenced under the terms of the Mozilla
Public License, version 2.0 (see the LICENSE file for the full text).

The license requires that if you make changes to BIND and distribute them
outside your organization, those changes must be published under the same
license. It does not require that you publish or disclose anything other
than the changes you have made to our software. This requirement does not
affect anyone who is using BIND, with or without modifications, without
redistributing it, nor anyone redistributing BIND without changes.

Those wishing to discuss license compliance may contact ISC at https://
www.isc.org/mission/contact/.

End of Life

The end-of-life date for BIND 9.12 has not yet been determined. However,
it is not intended to be an Extended Support Version (ESV) branch;
accordingly, support will end after the next stable branch (9.14) becomes
available. Those needing a longer-lived branch are encouraged to use the
current ESV, BIND 9.11, which will be supported until December 2021. See
https://www.isc.org/downloads/software-support-policy/ for details of
ISC's software support policy.

Thank You

Thank you to everyone who assisted us in making this release possible. If
you would like to contribute to ISC to assist us in continuing to make
quality open source software, please visit our donations page at http://
www.isc.org/donate/.
